Support configuring auth_query per database (#979)
pgbouncer/pgbouncer: doc/config.md

Override of the global `auth_user` setting, if specified.

### auth_query

> Override of the global `auth_query` setting, if specified. The entire SQL statement needs to be enclosed in double quotes.

Author: Yes, you are right, I used single quotes for testing but forgot it. Thanks for pointing it out. Indeed this is no doc about quotes format. I found this by reading the source code of cstr_get_pair.

Override of the global `auth_user` setting, if specified.

### auth_query

> Override of the global `auth_auery` setting, if specified. The entire SQL statement needs to be enclosed in quotes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Override of the global `auth_query` setting, if specified. The entire SQL statement needs to be enclosed in double quotes.
```
